hey everyone and welcome to the inside
scoop I'm cnet's kara tsuboi joined by
senior managing editor kent german and
today Kent and I are talking all about
the samsung galaxy s4 which was just
announced on Thursday of this week so we
know a lot about the phone already this
affects the features the size and all
that but I'm more curious to hear your
thoughts on where this phone falls in
the landscape of smartphones well
Samsung's done a good job of having its
Galaxy S line i mean the image of it has
been a little convoluted because they
have some really low-end galaxy models
but the galaxy s that's their flagship
brand everybody knows that everybody's
familiar with the device the galaxy s3
was very popular successful and with
this device you know it's a huge step
forward beyond the galaxy s3 but it is
taking that phone inching it a little
throwing almost every spec imaginable in
it getting the screen a little bigger so
it's a nice little push forward for them
and I think it's going to be very
successful as far as s3 users is it
worth them breaking contract to get this
phone you'll probably not and we know it
depend on what kind of deals that
carriers offer if they come back and
they say well you can extend your
contract and will still give you money
off possibly but I don't think are the
outset not really an outside of the
whole Android family is it worth people
jumping platforms I mean do you really
see iOS users hopping over to get their
hands on the s4 no I don't know anything
if maybe but you know somebody's really
committed to iOS they always have been
there probably always going to be so I
don't see this phone in particular
making someone switch over to Android I
think it's really difficult to talk
about the s4 release without talking
about yesterday's announcement there is
roughly what a 45-minute hour-long
spectacle for lack of a better word it's
a good word what are your thoughts on
that that whole you know dog and pony
show and what that really says about the
company and the audience are going after
well you know Samsung has always sort of
done this theatrical performance thing
you know a few years ago few years ago
at CS they had a little kid running
around in a wolf's head and talked about
using the devices at home and that was
very bizarre and then a few years ago
mobile to Congress they had dancers and
trapeze artists so they've always sort
of tried to throw in this rope
theatrical of the four aspect to its
performance or to its press conferences
and you know they really can't go the
route of maybe what Apple would do just
having a couple of SEC's they're talking
about the phone because then they'd be
criticized for being boring so I think
Samsung's
trying to do something different I don't
think yesterday was quite what they
should have done as far as some of the
performances on stage but it's very
Samsung to do what they did yesterday
little bizarre try to be a little crazy
but maybe the execution not really what
it should be do you think it really
resonated with their target audience
well I don't think that I don't know
what their target audience is I guess
for from this presentation good point i
was looking at insane but this phone
really is for everybody like it's seen
its review we or first take we say it's
for people that really want a
high-powered Android bonus for people
that is it so i don't think the phone
has a clear target market right now and
from yesterday's presentation I don't
know who they're going for samsung is a
Korean company so perhaps there is
something lost in translation sure there
is i mean there's always you know you're
talking about a company that's born and
bred in korea they're incredibly
powerful in korea and you know there's
that they do have to transfer that sort
of corporate image into different
cultures and there's always you know
that's going to be fraught with
complications and so i think we might
have seen a little bit of that yesterday
yeah well let's hope that the phone
speaks for itself I hope so because
presentation did it senior managing
editor ken German I'm Kara Tsuboi thanks
for watching the inside scoop